fix(xo-web/user/userFilters): fix custom filter of template field (#5298)
vatesfr/xen-orchestra: CHANGELOG.unreleased.md

> Users must be able to say: “I had this issue, happy to know it's fixed”

> - [User/Customize filter] Fix the custom filter of the `template` field

Reviewer: Add the issue link and the PR link like this: `- <message> <issue> (<PR>)`

Example:
https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/blob/58dc3244be6d40cb515bf243f01f3f3885382104/CHANGELOG.md#L9

> - [User/Customize filter] Fix the custom filter of the `template` field (PR [#5298](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/5298))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [User] Fix custom filters not showing up when selecting a default filter for templates (PR [#5298](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/5298))
```

> - [User/Customize filter] Fix the custom filter of the `template` field (PR: [#5298](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/5298))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [User/Customize filter] Fix the custom filter of the `template` field (PR [#5298](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/5298))
```
